So now let's take a look at the table dynamo D-B table that we just created.
And since I opened up my browser previously I can't see my table right here so I'm going to hit refresh
right now.
And here we go.
Our dynamo TB table is present right here.
And if I go one hit on the name of the table I can see everything about my table with its default properties
to the properties that I sent in to my table.
And as you can see the capacity for this table is estimated for like dollars and 45 cents per month.
And if I had indexes I could see them here and I can simply see everything about my dynamic the table
right here.
So we could successfully create our dynamo D-B.
So let's move on with our implementation and see what else we can do with Dynamo or D-B.